grammar fixes (#3000)
microsoft/typespec: docs/introduction/editor/vscode.md

### `typespec.tsp-server.path`: Configure the server path

There are cases where the TypeSpec project is located in a subfolder. In such cases, the TypeSpec extension is not able to find the tsp compiler automatically and needs a little guidance.

> This setting allows you to configure where the tsp compiler is located:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting configures where the tsp compiler is located:
```
